hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna show
you a horror film The Body Snatcher Marc
works for the Environment Protection
Department some day while packing up
with his whole family he drives to local
military base for a long-term
investigation mission when they drops by
a gas station the daughter Mary is
intercepted in the restroom by a black
soldier who's in a panic and urges her
to leave this area for safe quickly
otherwise she'll be taken away during
her sleep with Mary's scary call for
help people hurry there for a check but
find nobody inside later the Marc family
settles down in the military base the
second day when Marc goes out to collect
some water samples where he's told in
details that many soldiers are scared to
fall asleep at night and afraid of their
families the base presumes that this
might result from the biochemical effect
which is denied by biochemical
specialists Marc someday soldiers carry
some boxes into Marc's house which
arises Mary's curiosity while at the
kindergarten of base students present
their drawings to the teacher
all of them are depicting something very
weird and mysterious except for the one
drawn by Mike's son who feels nervous by
his difference from others later that
night Mary is brought to a local bar by
her new friend Jenny where Mary gets to
know and chat with Tim who's a soldier
at the base right then she happens to
see the black soldier in the gas station
Mary once for a whi from the soldier but
to her surprise the soldier seems not
recognize her at all
Mary grows closer to Tim they focus only
on their romantic kiss beside the
riverbank well not far from them the
soldiers are busy with collecting some
giant eggs up from the river the son at
home gets freaked out by finding that
his mother withers and dies away on bed
in a few minutes instead a blank new mom
comes out from the corner he rushes down
the stairs
screaming for his father who deems just
a nightmare made by his son but the son
later insists on telling the same to
Mary who also doesn't want to take it
seriously the next day in the lab an
accident happens to a worker
but mark feels so shocked by that the
worker injured doesn't give it any
response
what more mark is not even allowed by
the soldier to call emergency
so mark later takes secretly the damaged
exposure suit for check but only finds
that what's attached is not human blood
under a talk with Jenny Mary gets to
know Jenny's mother also behaviors a
little strange recently in that she's
actual an alcoholic but she only drinks
water right now
later that night Mary falls asleep at
her bath time she never expects that the
eggs placed originally in the box by the
soldiers try to reach the sleeping mary
with its long cirrus which is used to
absorb mary body and reproduce a
man-like body as the man-like body grows
heavier crashes the floor ceiling down
and frightens Mary up Mary rushes out to
look for her father who's also under
deep sleep and gets wound up on the face
because of the interruption the body
lying under the bed fails to mature
itself to be a human mark soon escapes
out of the house immediately with his
family while his alien wife comes behind
screaming out right at that time all of
the alien body swarms up chasing after
the mark family under the cover of some
normal people they finally make it out
to a warehouse right there mark decides
to search out alone for some vehicles
for their escape meanwhile being alerted
by the gunshot in the community Tim want
to go out with his fellow soldiers for a
check but only finds that they're
looking dull on the face despite of
their force Tim manages his way out of
the house mark sneaks into the majors
office for car key but the majors almost
out of control of himself and tells Marx
that the base has been taken over by the
aliens long ago but the major tries to
remain calm and hide mark up before the
alien general walks in who want to push
the major to accept the change into an
alien however the major refuses and
chooses to end his life by himself back
to the warehouse with car key mark takes
his family out attempting to head for a
local hospital but sooner Mary finds
they're at the wrong direction what's
more of her father looks weird and
starts to speak different she pulls up
the handbrake suddenly to stop the
and want to take her brother away but it
stopped by the father
luckily Tim shows up and warned the
father to back off the alien Marc tries
to mislead Tim before he's finally shot
death with its body melting into water
Tim takes Mary and her brother to the
parking lot of helicopter trying to make
sure it's safe Tim goes for a check and
gets surrounded by the aliens
nevertheless temper tends to be one of
them and gets a round of the aliens to
the helicopter successfully while Mary
and her brother are taken up by the
alien soldiers Tim gets no choice but to
follow them up to the base hospital
where he sees exactly alien eggs are
sucking up human bodies for their mass
reproduction he locates Mary who's being
copied takes her out and plans to save
her brother later but at that right
moment they encounter the alien Jenny
who won a test Mary by telling her
brother's location Mary fails to pass
the test and gets attacked by the aliens
surrounding up they strives to get into
the helicopter with her little brother
for escape however the little boy goes
on rampage at Tim on the helicopter
Mary realizes this is not her brother
anymore she soon can finds him and
throws him out in order to save more
people Tim turns back to the places
which is holding the giant alien eggs he
bombs them up with missiles after all
done they fly to another military base
where they has to keep on guard against
everybody because they now can trust
nobody but themselves this is Daniel CC
movie review bye